PromQL langserver api (#6872)
prometheus/prometheus: docs/querying/api.md

```

> *New in v2.1 and supports PUT from v2.9*

Reviewer: yeah that's normal, this line belongs to the tsdb endpoints ;). So normally it should be ok.
Perhaps I should add a line like this one. But no idea in which version it will be added.

> ## LangServer

Reviewer: done

> The following endpoints provides the different feature handled by LSP (Language Server Protocol) in a stateless way.

Author: ```suggestion
This API is designed to help Web UIs provide IDE like features when writing PromQL queries, without introducing the complexity of the stateful [Language Server Protocol (LSP)](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/).

Internally it uses the [PromQL Language Server](https://github.com/prometheus-community/promql-langserver).

The returned values follow JSON schemes specified by the LSP.
To deal with these types on the client side it might be helpful to use the [`vscode-languageserver-types`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vscode-languageserver-types)  NPM package which provides the respective types.
```

Reviewer: done

### Diagnostics

> This endpoint returns the different errors contained in the PromQL expression provided in the body

Author: ```suggestion
This endpoint returns the parsing errors caused by the PromQL expression provided in the body, if any.

The result is a list of  [`Diagnostic`](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#diagnostic)s. An empty list means that the Query provided is valid PromQL.
```

Reviewer: done

```
POST /api/v1/langserver/diagnostics
```

Body format:

```json
{
  "expr": "a PromQL expression",
  "limit": 45 # Optional. The maximum number of results returned.
}
```

Example:

```json
$ curl -XPOST 'localhost:9090/api/v1/langserver/diagnostics' -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"expr": "some_metric()", "limit":100}'
  [
    {
      "range": {
        "start": {
          "line": 0,
          "character": 0
        },
        "end": {
          "line": 0,
          "character": 11
        }
      },
      "severity": 1,
      "source": "promql-lsp",
      "message": "unknown function with name \"some_metric\""
    }
  ]
```

### Completion

> This endpoint returns a list of the possible value for the given word contains in the promQL expression provided

Author: ```suggestion
This endpoint provides completions based on the provided PromQL expression and cursor position as well as the data stored in the given Prometheus instance.

The result is a list of  [`CompletionItem`](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#textDocument_completion)s.

It is recommended to limit the number of results.
```

Reviewer: done

  "positionChar": 2 # Mandatory. The column (0 based) for which the metadata is queried. Characters are counted as UTF-16 code points.
}
```

Example:

```json
$ curl -XPOST 'localhost:9090/api/v1/langserver/completion' -H "Content-Type: application/json" --data '{"expr": "sum(go)", "limit":2, "positionLine":0, "positionChar":6}'
  [
    {
      "label": "go_gc_duration_seconds",
      "kind": 12,
      "sortText": "__3__go_gc_duration_seconds",
      "textEdit": {
        "range": {
          "start": {
            "line": 0,
            "character": 4
          },
          "end": {
            "line": 0,
            "character": 6
          }
        },
        "newText": "go_gc_duration_seconds"
      }
    },
    {
      "label": "go_gc_duration_seconds_count",
      "kind": 12,
      "sortText": "__3__go_gc_duration_seconds_count",
      "textEdit": {
        "range": {
          "start": {
            "line": 0,
            "character": 4
          },
          "end": {
            "line": 0,
            "character": 6
          }
        },
        "newText": "go_gc_duration_seconds_count"
      }
    }
  ]
```

### Hover

> This endpoint returns a documentation according to the given word contains in the promQL expression provided

Author: ```suggestion
This endpoint provides documentation based on the provided PromQL expression and cursor position as well as the data stored in the given Prometheus instance. It is typically used when the mouse hovers over the query.

The result is a  [`Hover`](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#textDocument_hover).
```

Reviewer: done

  },
  "range": {
    "start": {
      "line": 0,
      "character": 0
    },
    "end": {
      "line": 0,
      "character": 26
    }
  }
}
```

### Signature Help

> This endpoint returns the signature associated to the method selected in the promQL expression provided

Author: ```suggestion
This endpoint provides a function signature if the provided cursor position is within a PromQL function call. Otherwise a falsy value is returned.

The result is a  [`SignatureHelp`](https://microsoft.github.io/language-server-protocol/specifications/specification-current/#textDocument_signatureHelp).
```

Reviewer: done
